Michael Franz: Hi everybody. So we are moving our way into week for as we move through the, the rest of the identity crisis book and
Michael Franz: I am choosing to do something a little different with lecture one and lecture to this week, which is to say
Michael Franz: I'm going to focus most of my comments and lecture one and lecture two on stuff that's in chapter eight. I know we're going to be talking
Michael Franz: In our first discussion section next week about chapter seven. And there's a lot of interesting things in chapter seven that show up. Also in chapter eight.
Michael Franz: In terms of major themes. And so some of what is in these lectures will be relevant to the conversation. But what we've been doing with
Michael Franz: The, the first couple of discussions about the book is sort of talking about what we think is, is really interesting in these chapters.
Michael Franz: And so when we talk about chapter seven. This week I want to hear what you think about the the analysis that they put
Michael Franz: In that chapter, and then Chapter eight is much longer. And so we may start some of that conversation in our first discussion, even if you haven't read that chapter. By the time we talked about it.
Michael Franz: Based on the way the conversation goes at the beginning of the week. So, but I'm talking about two things that I think really interesting to me in these two lectures this week.
Michael Franz: And I have some data that I want to show you in some analysis that I've done that I think are are reflective of the of the work that they did in this book.
Michael Franz: And that's around two major issues that I find really interesting. The first is forecasting election outcomes and the second is political advertising. So this lecture.
Michael Franz: This first lecture for the week is about forecasting election outcomes and the second chat, the second lecture.
Michael Franz: Will be about political advertising and I want to talk about political advertising a little bit also with respect to the 2020 election and what we know so far about 2020
Michael Franz: But that's next. So the first is to start with election forecasting. And I want to show you the 538 forecasts that Nate Silver puts out there. And so I have
Michael Franz: Linked to us in this class resources page 11 election tracking folder and then many of you may have seen this election tracking folder already
Michael Franz: And I've gone here and dug around on some of these cool websites that we'll talk some more about and then see some more frequently.
Michael Franz: Throughout the rest of through the semester. And down here is the 538 election forecasts. I've already opened that page. So I'm just going to go up here and open it over here.
Michael Franz: And I'm going to go back to the presidential race and the Nate Silver, it puts together for his viewers and readers a forecast of the election outcome.
Michael Franz: Based off of a number of very complicated factors. I'll talk about those in just a second and
Michael Franz: It is much more complicated into in detail than what I'm going to show you and what's in the beginning part of chapter eight in identity crisis, but there's a bit of a sort of
Michael Franz: Battle that often happens between political scientists who do forecasting models. And then these much more complicated.
Michael Franz: State level forecasting models about you know whether or not all the work that Nate Silver did in order to create these different maps and different outcomes. It gets you much more than a very, very straightforward, simple model.
Michael Franz: And Nate Silver thinks, obviously the the hard work of doing these simulated outcomes across the states is worth the effort. I actually agree.
Michael Franz: Especially when you look at 2020 which is really, really, really messed up in terms of what the fundamentals and the forecasting models suggest, and I'll show you. I'll show you how how messed up. It really, really is.
Michael Franz: But first, Nate Silver does a very complicated approach to forecasting the election outcome. And the idea is basically given what we know today, given the state of the election, given the what he calls various fundamentals in the campaign, the economics in a state.
Michael Franz: Economics of varying types. The poll numbers in the state where are things right now and it's not necessarily if the election were held today.
Michael Franz: What would the outcome be because he waits his forecasts based off of whether how far out from the election. We are the closer we get to the election.
Michael Franz: The polls matter more in his statistical calculations and the fundamentals matter less
Michael Franz: farther out the polls matter less and the fundamentals matter more. And so right now we're at a point in the campaign where the polls are starting to matter more and the fundamentals are starting to matter less
Michael Franz: And so it's not really a sort of what he used to call it now cast if the election were held today. It's really
Michael Franz: Given what we know what will happen on Election Day balancing out the polls farther out the polls are more volatile closer to election day, the polls are more predictive
Michael Franz: And so forth. So it's really a forward thinking forecast, not a now cast because it will it will change how it balances economic factors and polling numbers as we get closer to the election, but the outcome, the outcome of his of his modeling strategy is
Michael Franz: A number of sort of simulations based off of uncertainty in the model estimates producing for us to, you know, if you will, a probability that Biden will win.
Michael Franz: And so that comes from simulating the election as he says 40,000 times because the effect of it. The economics on election outcomes. The effect of polls election outcomes is not deterministic. It's, it's, it's probabilistic is the effect
Michael Franz: Is strong or weak, but it can vary it can get stronger or weaker depending on various factors. And so the influence of the economy on the outcome of an election.
Michael Franz: Has a range of possible effects. And so the simulations take into account those range of possible effects and produce a distribution of outcomes.
Michael Franz: That they just simply count up the number of times and their simulations Biden wins and the number of times. Trump wins. And that gets us to their forecast today, right now, which is that Biden will win with a rough probability of about a 77% chance of saying that he will win.
Michael Franz: Now the interesting thing about forecast is is it's sort of like weather forecasts.
Michael Franz: He can't be wrong in the reason why he can't be wrong is because if Trump wins.
Michael Franz: There was a 23% chance in in their model on September 17 that that Trump or September 18 that that Trump would
Michael Franz: Trump would win. And so it wasn't a zero percent chance. It was a non zero percent chance to sort of like a weather forecast if it's
Michael Franz: There's a 30% chance that it will rain. That's, that's not saying it won't rain and so if it rains the forecast isn't wrong. Right. And so the
Michael Franz: These forecasting models are never wrong because there's always a chance that one or the other candidates could win. Now, they could be better modeled but
Michael Franz: And there might be a lot of uncertainty in these estimates, but but if Trump were to win. Nate Silver will not say his model was wrong, it will say that
Michael Franz: It picked up the, the non zero probability that Trump would win and Trump won and they predicted that in one of four elections Trump will win so
Michael Franz: We happen to get one of those, let's say. So, you know, that's an interesting aspect of forecasting models, but where we are right now suggests that Biden has a really good chance of winning. If you scroll all the way to the bottom here.
Michael Franz: Of the the this page you'll see they have a link to their, their methodology. A, you can definitely read this, if you like.
Michael Franz: The methodological pieces that go into these statistical analyses and I'll confess to you that I've read this but I haven't dug down deep into all of the various component pieces into the methodology.
Michael Franz: But he's pretty straightforward about how they changed the model from from 2016 and then the approach that they take, you know, step one, collect in LA look at a lot of polling data and he goes through this quite a bit.
Michael Franz: They collect polls they combine the polls with fundamentals.
Michael Franz: Such as demographic and economic data. And interestingly, importantly, to Silver's forecast. It's a state. It's a state level forecast. So he forecast the outcome in Arizona.
Michael Franz: In Michigan in Florida, and then they combine all of those to give us the national outcome predicting that Biden will win 77
Michael Franz: With a probability of about 77.77 or 70 70% chance when they combine all the state level polls and fundamentals to create outcomes across the states and then in step three of their modeling approach.
Michael Franz: They
Michael Franz: Come back that in a second. The account for uncertainty in the estimates, as I mentioned,
Michael Franz: Knowing that the effect of any variable could be a little bigger, a little bit smaller. They don't know the true effect. And so they simulate it within that range. The estimated range of possible effects and and get a range of outcomes.
Michael Franz: But one thing he points out is, is the closer, as I mentioned, the closer you get to election day, the more their model relies on poles. And so we're somewhere in between.
Michael Franz: 25 and 50 around 40 days out. And so you can see here that polls take up a huge percentage of their, their modeling strategy but 84% of their estimates coming from what the polls say
Michael Franz: Just a few months ago, it was a little bit smaller. And then, a long time ago. It was a little bit. Well, I guess some in back in April, it was
Michael Franz: A lot smaller. And the fundamentals mattered more and so polls become very predictive, the closer you are to election day. And that's why the polls make so much of such as such a big effect on their on their estimation
Michael Franz: Interestingly, if you go back here and you look at their forecasts, you can see that these are all simulated possible outcomes with different outcomes in the different states.
Michael Franz: He has here, down here, some interesting graphics and this is the chance of winning. This is the predicted pop electoral college outcomes Biden predicted to win about 330 and you see the change over time. And then the popular vote is
Michael Franz: Which I'm going to talk about just a second, with, with a more simple model predicts by them to get about 53% of the vote.
Michael Franz: And you can see that there's there's a range here and there's a blue shaded range. It could be as low as 50% as high as
Michael Franz: 57% and Trump support could be as high as 50% and as low as 42% given the shading. So you can see the predictions are based off of electoral votes popular votes and so forth.
Michael Franz: Now, he also analysis that they've come up with their senate forecast. And so if you click through that you'll get the senate forecast.
Michael Franz: And the points out the democrats are slightly favored to win the senate based off of their modeling, and again, those models are based off of state level estimate state level forecasts of outcomes and
Michael Franz: And then aggregating all that up to give us a sense of, of what will happen.
Michael Franz: In the final tally of Democratic and Republican senators. They have forecasts for each Senate race. So if you've been assigned to Senate race, you could look up aware, where your
Michael Franz: Senate race falls in this forecast model and you'll see and I would check it over the course of the
Michael Franz: Rest of the campaign to see where it ends up and how it changes over time. So here, up in Maine.
Michael Franz: They, they say that Sarah Gideon has about a 53% chance of winning susan collins as a 47% chance of winning their forecasted vote share on average.
Michael Franz: Is a is a very small win for Gideon and an adjusted a tiny loss for Collins, but you can see that when you simulate around that uncertainty sometimes Collins does better than Gideon, and sometimes getting does better than Collins.
Michael Franz: But about 53 out of 100 times Gideon has more votes than Collins.
Michael Franz: And so you get a sense of how will that change over the course of the election as we get more pulls it might not change much. If there aren't many polls.
Michael Franz: But it will if we get more polls and those polls show movement towards, towards Collins in Arizona for example where we have a possible democratic pickup. You see that they give
Michael Franz: Mark Kelly about a 78% chance of winning. On average they expect him to get about 50% of the vote and mix it in about 44% of the vote, and there's a third party candidate they predict will get about 6% of the vote.
Michael Franz: And so that gives Kelly, the edge and so they do this across, across the the different senate campaigns in Iowa. It's about a 59% chance of winning for Joni Ernst
Michael Franz: She only gets about 50% of the vote to greenfields 48% of the vote, but that 2% edge is enough. And these simulations to say that she's got about a three and five chance of winning the campaign that may change.
Michael Franz: As as the campaign's take shape and then push the poll numbers in various directions so forecasting models are really complicated. And we really can't get into the details, but chapter eight and identity crisis.
Michael Franz: Talks about a much, much simpler forecasting model a forecasting model that looks not states and then aggregates up but looks just at
Michael Franz: The fundamentals in previous presidential elections and compares the fundamentals. In this case, the economic fundamentals, the state of the economy and each year.
Michael Franz: Against the against the outcome and shows that by and large, there's a fairly tight relationship between the outcome of an election and a presidential year and
Michael Franz: The economic conditions in that election year, such that it becomes generally fairly predictive to say, How's the economy doing in the election year, and using that to predict how well the incoming party.
Michael Franz: Will do. And in chapter eight. They point out that in 2016 a simple, very simple forecasting model with a data set that has one row for each presidential election since 1948 that's that's 18 elections.
Michael Franz: Predicted that Clinton would win a little more than 50% of the popular vote.
Michael Franz: And that's what she did well at least the two party popular vote. She won more votes than Trump, there was some third party candidates, but if you just look at the
Michael Franz: The percentage of the vote between Clinton and Trump. She got about 50% 51% of the two party vote. And that's what the model predicted
Michael Franz: So given that, you know, the model predicted in 2016 and close election. And that's what we got. What is the model predict in 2020 and and this is a simple model. And if you read the methodology nate silver's
Michael Franz: Link He hates these symptoms doesn't hate them. But he points out that they're flawed and in many ways.
Michael Franz: Well, they're not flawed dramatically flawed, in many ways, but it's really, really problematic and flawed in 2020 and that's what I want to show you. So we'll go back to
Michael Franz: This and I think I need to
Michael Franz: Go to our Blackboard page.
Michael Franz: And
Michael Franz: I'll go to our module and I've posted these in the week for module.
Michael Franz: So you may have seen these already before you watch the lecture I'm going to walk you through them.
Michael Franz: Here is my attempt to replicate figure eight one in the book and it's actually not a
Michael Franz: It is not a replication of figure eight one in the book. And the reason why is because if you notice in a figure eight one.
Michael Franz: On page 158
Michael Franz: Which is right here in
Michael Franz: They put the x axis, the horizontal axis is growth rate and gross domestic product from quarter one to quarter three of the election year quarter, one quarter three of the election year.
Michael Franz: We
Michael Franz: I can do that. And I can replicate figure eight one perfectly well from the book, but we don't have quarter three in in 20 20th quarter three isn't
Michael Franz: isn't available to us yet. And so we just have
Michael Franz: We can shift things back by one quarter. And so I replicated figure eight one, because that's what I'll do, in some of these models below.
Michael Franz: I looked at the relationship between economic growth GDP change in quarter three of the previous year. So in quarter three of say 2015
Michael Franz: Quarter to of 2016 so it just shifts the analysis up by by one or shifts it back by one quarter and looks at economic change in that period of time. And you can see here that when you when you do that.
Michael Franz: Just by shifting things by one quarter and looking at elections to 1948 and 2016 you'll see that 2016 Clinton gets a little more than 50% of the two party boat. The Clinton Trump boat.
Michael Franz: And she does a little better than what a simple model would predict from GDP growth in Q3 of the previous year to Q2 of of the election year.
Michael Franz: The regression line in Figure eight one actually shows 2016 kind of falling right on the line.
Michael Franz: But this shows slight difference from that because I'm not looking at the same I'm not looking at the same x axis. I'm looking at different quarters.
Michael Franz: But the general gist of things. If you look at the, you know, it's not going to change all that much quarter to quarter. So just shifts the predictions slightly
Michael Franz: But it would if you did that, you would see that actually Clinton outperformed the fundamentals. So the fundamentals basically
Michael Franz: Given everything we know between 1948 and 2016 where what is the relationship and that's estimated with this line, right, there's a lot of variation around the line the points don't fall perfectly on the line.
Michael Franz: And so this is just an estimated effect of the relationship between GDP growth and income party vote share popular vote outcomes but it says that Clinton actually did slightly better than, than the model, a simple one variable modeling that would would predict.
Michael Franz: In 2008 you see that McCain, who is the Republican candidate. So the incumbent party in 2008 where the Republicans did worse than what the model would predict GDP was was growing pretty good up until the financial crisis in the fall and then he did
Michael Franz: Worse than than this regression line would would predict. Although it's still predicts that Obama would win that McCain.
Michael Franz: would lose. And so you get this kind of, you know, simple model, right. I didn't do a lot of work here on this just grabbed GDP growth presidential outcomes and put a plot together. Nate Silver has been hundreds of manpower hours.
Michael Franz: Person power hours putting together these these these these his website. It's very nimble and very complicated and in here. I am coming in with something that the authors of this book put together as very, very, very straightforward.
Michael Franz: But, you know, let's use this sort of generic structure to talk about 2020 because forecasting is so interesting, with respect to
Michael Franz: The underlying question, which is, who's going to win this year. And the reason why 2020 is so messed up is because of the fundamentals are are all over the place. The fundamentals are a mess. Given coven 19. So let me show you. First, the predictions that come from a simple model.
Michael Franz: That uses not GDP growth but per capita disposable income change. So how do we measure the economy. Well, one way to measure the economy is unemployment.
Michael Franz: Another way to measure the economy is the stock market. Another way to measure the economy is changing GDP.
Michael Franz: And another way to measure the economy is how much money to people have right if people have a lot of disposable income things must be going pretty well.
Michael Franz: If people have don't have a lot of disposable income or their income is constricting or getting smaller, or you know they're losing money disposable income.
Michael Franz: Because costs are high or something, then the economy is not doing very well maybe it's asked people
Michael Franz: How they feel the economy is going. Do you feel good about the economy or bad, but the economy and that could be a measure of economic growth. So there's a lot of different ways to measure the economy.
Michael Franz: Well. One common way to do it is to take data on income change and look at it from again either quarter one to quarter three and the election year, or in this case, because we don't have quarter three data yet.
Michael Franz: Quarter three of the previous year to quarter to have the election year. So looking at in the case here, the third quarter of 2019
Michael Franz: To the second quarter of 2020. Now what happened between the third quarter of 2019 and the second quarter of 2020 coven blew up right Cove, it happened.
Michael Franz: And because coven happened, the economy got really bad. And this is where the problem lies.
Michael Franz: 2020 over here shows income growth. This is a proportion, you might think of it as a percent, but just multiplying it by 120 20 the difference in income that people had suppose will income per capita, the people had from quarter three of 2019 to quarter to have 2020
Michael Franz: income increased by 10%
Michael Franz: income increased by 10% according to economic data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis why right we said the economic
Michael Franz: All economic numbers TANKED IN THE SPRING going into the summer of 2020 but incomes went up. And the reason why incomes went up is because of the stimulus checks.
Michael Franz: That everybody got in the spring. Everybody families got thousands of dollars from the government to make up for the loss and income that they were getting from their jobs.
Michael Franz: Well, many people kept their jobs.
Michael Franz: And got these checks plus people's expenses went down because they
Michael Franz: Weren't stuck at home, they weren't paying for gas. They weren't paying for car maintenance they, you know, they weren't paying for many things that they
Michael Franz: Are trips vacations. People had money. They weren't paying for airfare and so when the government measured people's disposable income people were sitting on more money than than they had in the end of 2019
Michael Franz: That's a bit of an illusion, because the economy itself is going through a lot of
Michael Franz: Challenges. But in terms of per capita disposable income if if a government gives me thousands of dollars and I can. This happened to me. The government gave me a stimulus check
Michael Franz: And I canceled my family trip to North Conway, New Hampshire, and I got that money back, which was, you know, a couple hundred bucks. I was actually had more money in my bank account than I normally would.
Michael Franz: Even though the economy was not doing so hot. I didn't lose my job. So put that aside for a second. But people were getting
Michael Franz: Unemployment checks, plus an additional $600 in unemployment that was happening at the time, so income actually is artificially high in the Q3 to Q2 analysis.
Michael Franz: That we normally do to make predictions in an election year. So, lo and behold, see income change and presidential performance is
Michael Franz: strongly related or at least the predicted outcome of a two party vote in the presidential race is strongly related to income growth when incomes grow.
Michael Franz: The income and party does really well when incomes constrict or stable or don't grow as much the income and party doesn't doesn't do very well in 1980 democrats were in the White House.
Michael Franz: incomes were getting smaller disposable income was going down because inflation was going up. Well, Jimmy Carter and do that very well that here in in 2008 incomes were growing a little bit but
Michael Franz: The Republicans didn't do very well in 1984 when Reagan was running for reelection in comes we're growing economy was booming. He did really, really well. Given that 2020 a simple forecasting model using income change predicts that that Trump would win 60% of the popular vote.
Michael Franz: That's not going to happen. Right. That's not going to happen. He's not going to win 60% of the popular vote, I guarantee it right this model stinks. Because income is so wonky fishier given
Michael Franz: Given the stimulus and given unemployment benefits.
Michael Franz: But if you if you take out 2020 and you try to fit align to these plots, it actually would be pretty steep, it actually look it go through these points over here 2020 is pulling that model.
Michael Franz: down this way because we've never seen income change that big rises twice income change that we saw in 64 and 84 economy was going really well, and both those years.
Michael Franz: Income changes growing twice that rate. And so it's pulling the predictive models down over here, the tight line that would fit over here would show
Michael Franz: Where we would be without 2020. Now I didn't mention this, but my statistical model controls for a couple of factors takes into account the approval rating of the President.
Michael Franz: In the summer and whether the incumbent is running or if it's an open an open seat. And so, it accounts for those things and looks just at the effect of income change and Trump's mostly a 20 60% of the vote that's that's bonkers, that's just that just won't, won't happen.
Michael Franz: So what if you did a different model, a different model that showed
Michael Franz: GDP change right so better maybe a different indicator of the economy. Well,
Michael Franz: Normally when a cup incomes grow the economy is growing GDP is growing incomes get bigger GDP grows well this year.
Michael Franz: Nope incomes are growing and GDP is getting smaller. In fact, if you look at core three of the previous year to quarter to have this year GDP shrunk by almost 10% quarter over, quarter, quarter so cork Paris and a quarter comparison. It's almost a year to year comparison.
Michael Franz: In the GDP, the size of the economy got much smaller businesses close you know everything shut down. So there wasn't a lot of generating income.
Michael Franz: People had more money because the government was giving them money and people weren't spending money.
Michael Franz: But in terms of the money that was being moved around in the economy. It was much, much, much smaller. And so if you use GDP growth from Q3 to Q2.
Michael Franz: As a prediction for what will happen in 2020 this model says the Trump will get less than 40% of the popular vote.
Michael Franz: That's not going to happen either he's going to get at least 45% of the popular vote. And so this model is is bonkers.
Michael Franz: As well, because we've never seen GDP, get this, you know, constrict this much.
Michael Franz: Smallest it's it's it's constricted in the quarter to quarter comparison is in 1980. And that was, you know, sub zero but but not
Michael Franz: As big as 10%. I mean, these numbers are are really nuts. And so the fundamentals this year are just completely at odds with one another and they predict that Trump will get somewhere between 40 and 60% of the vote, depending on
Michael Franz: What what what indicators, you use. Well, you could have told me that at the very beginning. And so these fundamental forecasting models are are garbage.
Michael Franz: When you think about 2020 right now. Outside of 2020, it seems like a pretty tight relationship, such that the regression line would would go through these points, just like this.
Michael Franz: And so, you know,
Michael Franz: Wow, now we're not even done yet because a third way of doing this is to to look at consumer sentiment. So instead of saying GDP. Instead of saying income. Let's just ask people how they feel. The economy is going. So typically what
Michael Franz: forecasters do is they look at people's assessment of the economy and change in that assessment.
Michael Franz: Between may have election year in August of the election year. So, you know, as we're moving into the fall campaign.
Michael Franz: Do people feel the economy is getting better. And if people feel the economy is getting better. They're more likely to reward president
Michael Franz: And the President party if the people feel like the economy is doing worse. They're more likely to punish the president and the President's party.
Michael Franz: And so consumer sentiment here is based off of people who say the economy is getting better versus people who see the economy is getting worse and then
Michael Franz: Creating an index that can range in some some values lower numbers mean people say the economy is getting worse higher numbers me mean people on average, say, the economy is getting better.
Michael Franz: So if you look from May to August. Okay. The income measure is based off of 2019 to quarter to have 2020 GDP is based off of the same time period, both of those numbers are at odds with one another because more people have more money, but the economy is getting smaller.
Michael Franz: Consumer Sentiment evaluations are based on May to August of the election year, but it made August to be election year, people started to think the economy was doing better.
Michael Franz: Because was much better than it was in in March and April and unemployment is actually come down a little bit.
Michael Franz: In the last number of months. And so, consumer sentiment is not actually in the in the in the basement, nor is it, nor is it through the roof. It's somewhere in the middle. As you can see, and so consumer sentiment predicts
Michael Franz: right in line with the regression line that Trump will get about 51 or 52% of the vote now. This made me laugh because I've got three forecasting models. One predicts 40% of the vote one predicts 50% of the boat one predicts 60% of the vote, I mean, talk about useless and so
Michael Franz: Outside of these forecasting models have some value in 2020 they seem sort of useless, which makes me want to go to Nate Silver site.
Michael Franz: More than it does, you know, believe that these simple models are useful because 2020 is such an anomalous year
Michael Franz: I don't know what to make, how to make sense of it all the economic indicators are all over the map. And so, you know,
Michael Franz: It's, it's amazing. Now we can see that by looking at this final graph which is
Michael Franz: Let's take the first model, which was income growth. Let's take the second model, which was GDP growth. Let's get the predictions from both of those models. And let's look at how closely related. They are
Michael Franz: And you can see here, they're extremely closely related. Okay, this is a regression line that does not include 2020
Michael Franz: And you can see in the GDP model. It predicts Trump getting 20% of the vote or 40% of the vote in the income based model. It predicts getting 60% of the vote.
Michael Franz: In every other comparison, the GDP version of the model and the income version of the model produced very similar predictions.
Michael Franz: Very similar predictions are tightly related with one another in 2016 it didn't really matter whether you use GDP or income it predicted a close race.
Michael Franz: In 1956 it didn't really matter where the US GDP or income it predicted an Eisenhower when same thing and 64 Lyndon Johnson with same thing in 2008 and Obama when McCain loss and so
Michael Franz: In general these prediction models work pretty well.
Michael Franz: Not in 2020 and 2020 they're a complete odds with one another and and and it's it's it's remarkable, remarkable to see that. And so now I highlight those
Michael Franz: That here because they talk a lot in this chapter about the fundamentals, the impact of the fundamentals. We hear a lot about predictions and forecasting models.
Michael Franz: And so we should be aware of what all that means. And we should be aware of the the the accuracy of these predictions.
Michael Franz: And so I wanted to focus on that today because I think that's something that we might not get a chance to talk a lot about in these discussion groups.
Michael Franz: Because there's so many interesting survey based data that they they do here looking at the effect of identity and racial characteristics on on people's assessment of the candidates.
Michael Franz: So I'm going to stop there. We excited to talk about your thoughts on on these other chapters and and then I'll do another lecture about the advertising and the campaign coming up next. So thank you so much and have a great day.